TL improvement and Japanese Typo fix (#562)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_016.txt

			NULL, "\"Right.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 6, "ps3/s14/06/210600627", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "鷹野さんの理論は突拍子もない話ばかりですが、案外この連続事件の裏にあるもの、もし偶然じゃなかったら一筋縄ではいきそうにないですよ」",

> 			NULL, " Takano-san's theories are just crazy stories, but if this series of events isn't just a coincidence, we'll have a harder time taking the wraps off than we're thinking now.\"", Line_Normal);

Author: Allow me to rephrase this.
"Takano-san's theories are just crazy stories, but if this series of events isn't just a coincidence, we'll have an unexpectedly hard time taking the wraps off."

//r詩音の声が聞こえ、そばでうずくまる沙都子に駆けてきて抱きしめる気配がする。が、私はそれよりも今さっき、耳に残った声を確かめようと、おそるおそる顔を…上げた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "詩音の声が聞こえ、そばでうずくまる沙都子に駆けてきて抱きしめる気配がする。が、私はそれよりも今さっき、耳に残った声を確かめようと、おそるおそる顔を…上げた。",

> 			NULL, "I heard Shion cry out and sensed she rush over to my side to embrace Satoko. But more importantly, I had to confirm that voice that was still lingering in my ears... so I timidly looked up.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I heard Shion cry out and sensed her rushing over to my side to embrace Satoko. But more importantly, I had to confirm that voice that was still lingering in my ears... so I timidly looked up.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#797d8a>赤坂</color>", NULL, "<color=#797d8a>Akasaka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 13, "ps3/s14/13/211300094", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「ああ、それは大石さんたちの仕事だから。",

> 			NULL, "\"Yeah, that's Ooishi-san and his coworkers' job.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Yeah, that's Ooishi's job.", Line_WaitForInput);
```
